
#1 word vs keyword:
    1.the word is something that doesnt have meanong in the js 
    2.the keyword is a set of reserved words which have have meaning in this language

#2 Variables and constants:

     1. In js variables is something that change for a example if we create a variable and first declare a value in it and then we change the value and 
        the variable can accept this change in value on the other hand.
     2. Constants will not accept this change in the value that means the value in constant remains same

#3 Hoisting:
    In the process of hoisting variables and functions declaration moved on the top of the code and due to this we can right console.log on the above line  
    of the variable which is possible only in javascript to understand this concept we must know about know about how variable declare in javascript if we 
    declare a variable like:
                              var a=20; (the javascript breaks this line into two parts first is declaration and another one is intialisation part and 
                                          due to this the declaration part moved on the top of the code and that's the explaination of the above concept) 

#4 Types of datatypes in js:
   They are of two types 1.primitive  2.reference
   1.primitve : basically primitive are those which are not enclosed by any types of brackets and for example we have store a value 12 in variable called a
   and then equate with a another called b then two different value got store in those variables.
   2.reference : in reference whenwe equate two variables which are enclosed in a bracket that can be [],(),{} any of these brackets and in the varaible in
   which we are giving the value of a to b and a is array in this case so any change made in the array a can affect the array b because its the reference to 
   the array a not an individual array so that's a basic or core difference between the primirive and reference.

#5 Conditionals:
   Conditionals consist of three things which are 1.if 2.else 3.else-if

#6 Loops:
   loops means repeat they are of 3 types 1.for 2.while 
        for(var i=25;i<=50;i++){
           console.log(i);
           }
#7 Functions:
 
            function abcd(){   (function declaration and intialisation)
            console.log("HELLO");    }
             abcd();  ( function calling)
  
   Functions are used in the scenarios mentioned below:
   1.when you want to run code not immediately but you want to use it in the future then it will used
   2.when we want to reuse our code.
   3.when we want to run code many times but with different data
   4.we can call function multiple times in a program

   Arguments and parameters:
   Arguments: Arguments are the real value that we give to the function at the time of calling
   Parameters: Parameters are variable in which we can store the value (arguments value get stored)

#8 Arrays:
   When we need to add more then one value of same datatype then we use array or we can also that
   array is group of values having same datatype.
      var arr = [1,2,4,5]; (Array Declaration)
   In array the index always start from zero.

   If we want to add value or remove value or shift it then we some functions 
   like push, pop, shift and unshift
   1.push: push is used to add a value in the end of the array.
     syntax: arr.push(n);  here n can be the any number you want to add
   2.pop: pop is used to remove a value from the last index of the array.
     syntax: arr.pop(); 
   3.shift: shift is used to remove the element from the array but from its starting index.
     syntax: arr.shift();
   4.unshift: unshift is used to add an element in the starting index of the array.
     syntax: arr.unshift(n);  here n can be the any number you want to add

   # The function name splice is also used to remove the specific value from the array in
     this function we give the index and the range from which we want to remove the elements
     from the array.
         var arr=[1,2,4,55,5];
         arr.splice(3,1);  (here 3 represents the index and 1 is representing the range we can modify
                           them according to the needs)
#9 Objects:
   1.It stored the information in form of key and values or we can say key and value pair.
   2. blank Objects
        var a={}; declaration 
   3. filled Objects
        var a={
            (properties)name: himanshu,
            class: btech,
            age:19,
        }
   4.accessing values from an Objects:
     syntax: objectname.properties 
     for example: a.class;
     we can also change the accessed data by using the same format

   5. method: method is a property in which function is defined
     for ex:
        var bcs={
             name:"himanshu"
             class: function(){

             }

        };
